you know I just realized we have no idea
of what we're doing in the wedding
tomorrow yeah I thought we'd be
groomsmen but wouldn't they have asked
us by now when did they ask you to be a
bridesmaid uh November I want to say
it's not looking good
you haven't told these guys what they're
doing in the wedding yet um well they're
not in the wedding what well this is
really awkward oh and I can't leave I'm
sorry you guys but you know Mike's got
his brother and his friends from school
so you know you weren't you were if it
helps you were next in line you just you
just missed the cut oh this is like
figure skating team all over again
I mean synchronized swimming I mean I
mean the balance beam
help me football that has pork in it oh
I thought the potstickers were supposed
to be vegetarian yeah I changed them I
sent you a fax about it I don't have a
fax machine huh well then there are
gonna be a few surprises
I can't believe we're gonna be the only
people that aren't in this way I know I
hate being left out of things and it's a
wedding it'll be weird if I'm not in it
hey guys how's it goin fine
we're just sitting here alone doing
nothing it's our rehearsal for tomorrow
they look about tomorrow I've got a
question for you I just found out the
one of my groomsmen had an emergency and
can't make it what happened who cares
and and I was wondering if you know
maybe one of you guys I'll do it me you
both want to do it um
there's only room for one pick me I look
great in a tux and I will not steal
focus no Mike no you want to pick me I
mean watch you know I really don't feel
very comfortable making this decision
you know Phoebe knows you better I'm
gonna let her choose well if Phoebe's
choosing then say hello to Mike's next
groomsman oh I will but I will need a
mirror as he is me please you're going
down you are going down er
is that what they say on the figure
skating team I wouldn't know I didn't
make it